Yes, the city of Khmelnitsky, the high city of
Russia, and Vyskova, the city of Russia, we are from
New York, [ __ ] the city of Russia. What kind of
New York do you have? For you, our weapons
in New York, [ __ ] in Ukraine, there is something
like that, it’s not a city that
glows Russia,
[ __ ] you understand
From which city of Russia  Khmelnitsky
Ukraine, we are from the city of Ivanovo, this is where the
city of brides It used to be, they were
always old They are something sad for
five years, but how do you support a
special military operation in the city of Ivanovo
that the Lakers Laker Street
basketball club The Lakers are
small in stature In short,
look at you  Here I started For what For a
special military operation, let’s say we
have no idea at all What are you
talking about, but have a war against Ukraine and have a
concept of a war against Ukraine was it
is coming
We don’t work
prostitutes you
don’t even
know  tik
toki [ __ ] marketers are like Yes, what kind of
marketers Calm down just still sitting a
gang of types that are shorter  sits
typing it and [ __ ]
come shorter Yes, I see from your design
it’s just a room she didn’t finish
It happens it’s like that, yes And then a dick like that you
come in and [ __ ] already understood Estimate in
short from Ukraine, open
Open the
lid and the microwave, by the way, it’s not a
dummy, it was a dummy toilet bowl  because the
battery cover is inflatable,
we are calling to Ukraine,
I saw something really a toilet that it
drains and press the button
Okay, in short, you just
don’t put it in. You seem to be a really smart
guy
working, he is some kind of small layout.
Russians steal toilets everything look how short well we
even We didn’t know all our lives What is a
toilet refrigerator to
show that it works If you are [ __ ]
Straight in nature but in nature
morons
if there is no toilet bowl there is such a
button everything now [ __ ] you in kind
[ __ ] toilet bowl  in short, or Well, just to
[ __ ] me, I decided
there, like, a real toilet bowl, and we
Russians don’t have toilet bowls, you know, for
now  you called us on TV What the
[ __ ] are you, well, on TV so far
you have pulled out the toilet to be honest but
damn I don’t know [ __ ] You’re either trolling Yes I’m just not drunk damn it looks normal
Well you’re the
same popularity
we [ __ ] short packages and throw them from the window
Well  Estimate [ __ ] you can be there wooden on the
street I don’t know what floor you live
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] with a
mouse without wires
even an iPhone I have a phone I’m with you an
electric kettle you have an
electric gas stove
independent heating autonomous
that is, not from the city A type you yourself
Connect the
apartment  on the first floor there is a warm
floor there is a gas boiler there is a gas
stove there is a kettle with the name Tefal on it